README.md, before:

# Personal Website

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [WC3 Validator Result](#w3c-validator-result)
- [The most challenging](#the-most-challenging)
- [References](#references)

### Introduction

This HTML skeleton project was created with VSCode Emmet HTML boilerplate. It contains basic HTML elements. In the future, further development is expected, as a completion of a Portfolio Website with CSS and more HTML content.

### Technologies

- HTML5

### Setup

- Install Live Server package in VSCode
- Open home.html file with Live Server

### WC3 Validator Result

_Document checking completed. No errors or warnings to show._
**BUT:** _Info - Trailing slash on void elements has no effect and interacts badly with unquoted attribute values._

### The most challenging

_Your browser has cached your site as one without a favicon. When you add a favicon to your site, it may not show up since your browser has 'saved' your site as one without a favicon. You need to clear the cache in your browser or use a different browser._

Source Link:
[URL](https://www.seoptimer.com/blog/favicon-not-showing-up/#:~:text=lacks%20closing%20quotes-,Your%20browser%20has%20cached%20your%20site%20as%20one%20without%20a,or%20use%20a%20different%20browser.)

### References

1. Reference
   Description: favicon generator
   Product: favicon.ico
   Date: 15/07/2023
   [URL](https://favicon.io/)

2. Reference
   Description: logo generator
   Product 1: logo_black.png
   Product 1: logo_white.png
   Date: 15/07/2023
   [URL](https://www.ucraft.com/free-logo-maker)

3. Reference
   Description: SVG file
   Product 1: 211904_social_github_icon.svg
   Product 2: 104501_twitter_bird_icon.svg
   Product 3: 5305157_connection_linkedin_network_linkedin logo_icon.svg
   Product 4: 9652564_butterfly_origami_paper_craft_creative_icon.svg
   Date: 20/07/2023
   [URL](https://www.iconfinder.com/)

Commit message:

Update content of README.md
Delete unnecessary content and replace it with up-to-date content in the README.md file.

README.md, after:

# Personal Website

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [References](#references)

### Introduction

The aim of this project was to create a responsive personal website, that demonstrates front-end development skills. The project itself was built with HTML5 and CSS3.

### Technologies

- HTML5
- CSS3

### Setup

- Install Live Server package in VSCode
- Open index.html file with Live Server

### References

1. Reference
   Description: favicon generator
   Product: favicon.ico
   Date: 15/07/2023
   [URL](https://favicon.io/)

2. Reference
   Description: logo generator
   Product 1: logo_black.png
   Product 1: logo_white.png
   Date: 15/07/2023
   [URL](https://www.ucraft.com/free-logo-maker)

3. Reference
   Description: SVG file
   Product 1: 211904_social_github_icon.svg
   Product 2: 104501_twitter_bird_icon.svg
   Product 3: 5305157_connection_linkedin_network_linkedin logo_icon.svg
   Product 4: 9652564_butterfly_origami_paper_craft_creative_icon.svg
   Date: 20/07/2023
   [URL](https://www.iconfinder.com/)
